Mr. George
You are here, this is it, I will kneel for you.
It doesn't matter who you offend
Mr. George is innocent
You see him with fake brown sugar
Can't read it
The black card of our Huanyu Group
Only the reading managers of the most high-end card swiping groups
You're fired.
Somebody get him out of here
Mr. George, I was wrong.
Mr. George, give me a chance
You are what he called
Hello Wang Xiaohei
You see me again
Did you make a mistake?
Ah, everybody.
Let me introduce
This is the heir to the Universal Group
Missing teaching positions
That's very powerful in the United States
Ah me you may have forgotten
I am the supervisor of our overseas sales headquarters.
My name is lino
Hmm configuration
Hey wait wait
Well, you're busy.
I don't remember, it's normal for me.
Well, as for this person impersonating your VIP
I'll handle it.
Why did you bother to answer me yourself?
Mr. Shen is a super worker of our Huanyu Group.
You can stop it too
You are also fired
What Shenyang City welcomes to feel like a super VIP
Hahaha, oops, this Shenyang
I blamed you just now, haha.
Look at you
A snob like you
It's not worthy of being a teacher at all.
Oath Brothers
We are brothers
Look at this today
Oath Brothers
Our family is young and old
I'm the only one left to live
You adults don't remember villains
Just treat me like a fart
Good idea.
Before I let you go
I want to ask you something and you answer like this
You go out first
I have something to talk to him alone